[Music]
Taron I want you to do well I want you
to have a great life I love you but we
cannot see a way that you can live onto
this roof
if we're gonna fundamentally go against
the grain of our beliefs Jaron tell me
the truth that's all I think about men I
don't know why I'm so sorry your parents
signed you up for a program to fix you
but here you are a perfectly normal very
healthy teenage boy they're gonna do
things for you you want to say welcome
to the refuge program from you cannot be
born a homosexual this is alive it's
your choice
go fake it till you make it become the
man you are not save yourself okay God
will not love you the way that you are
is this what you want
who's gonna start this demon down
[Music]
I'm having a tough time I'm gonna give
you some advice tell them whatever they
want to hear
play the part unless you really think
you've been change already doesn't want
to what you going through right now is
just a moment a moment yeah a moment I
love God and I love my son for your
father it's a little more complicated we
are not finished I am because you won't
listen your father is sitting here
telling how you hate him I'm not gonna
pretend I hate my father
I don't hate my father then where is all
this anger come because you're making me
angry they say sometimes you gotta hurt
a child in order to help them but a
mother knows when something is awry
I don't want to pretend anymore I've had
to ask myself and God if I'm ready to
lose you
you're
won't you lover
[Music]